---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Project Documentation"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2026/03/11
published: true

---
Project Documentation 
Denny Thach 
Sullivan University 
CSC272 
Prof. Cordle Scott 
Food Menu 
The main objective of this website plan is to create a main page and two navigational 
pages which includes will include the introduction page with information about the menu and 
few words explaining what it is, a ingredient page explaining exactly what goes on the page, and 
a page containing nutritional value per serving. 
The first thing I had to do before anything is watch the same videos repeatedly until I can 
remember how they wrote each line and what each line consists off. A few websites that explains 
each code and what they do was a big help for me. I also had retrieved some recipes from other 
websites, as well as really look into depth on websites and noticed that on every front page there 
is usually information from introduction, reason why they do what they do, and how it became 
what it is. With that information I was able to somewhat create my home page. 
The first step I had done during the start of the actual build was create the home page  
and then created the two navigational page with the link, but had not known that I needed to 
create the html first or the link wont take me anywhere but an error screen. Once I figure it out I 
had created my title, heading, and paragraph for each of the page but just the code, just so I have 
an structure I wanted. 
After I had created my pages I noticed how unappealing to the eye it was so I cenetered 
align all the pages and hoping it will look better, maybe if I gave myself more time I can adding 
a background color and images to the website. 
The last page which I had put more effort and wanted to actually make it look a neater 
was the nutritional page, adding a table would make it look nice but it was a lot harder than I had 
anticipated. After many research on how people made their table I eventually was able to recreate 
it and added a background color not to pop but to take a little attention. 
